📚Add how-to-guides and examples dir (#2475)
openvinotoolkit/anomalib: README.md

[![ReadTheDocs](https://readthedocs.org/projects/anomalib/badge/?version=latest)](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Anomalib - Gurubase docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gurubase-Ask%20Anomalib%20Guru-006BFF)](https://gurubase.io/g/anomalib)

</div>

---

> 🌟 **Announcing v2.0.0 Beta Release!** 🌟
>
> We're excited to announce the beta release of Anomalib v2.0.0! This version introduces significant improvements and customization options to enhance your anomaly detection workflows. Please be aware that there are several API changes between `v1.2.0` and `v2.0.0`, so please be careful when updating your existing pipelines. We invite you to try it out and share your feedback:
>
> - Multi-GPU support
> - New dataclasses for model in- and outputs (docs guide: coming soon)
> - Configurable modules for pre- and post-processing operations via `Preprocessor` and `Postprocessor` (docs guide: coming soon)
> - Configurable module for evaluation metrics via `Evaluator` (docs guide: coming soon)
> - Configurable module for visualization via `Visualizer` (docs guide: coming soon)
>

> > We value your input! Please test and share feedback via [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/anomalib/issues) or our [Discussions](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/anomalib/discussions)

Author: Links added in https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/anomalib/pull/2475/commits/49c1cb41136931862e48d3af3c1119c5eea9d660

Note that these won't work until we merge them

> > - New [dataclasses](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/markdown/guides/how_to/data/dataclasses.html) for model in- and outputs (docs guide: coming soon)
> > - Configurable modules for pre- and post-processing operations via [`Preprocessor`](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/markdown/guides/how_to/models/pre_processor.html) and [`Postprocessor`](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/markdown/guides/how_to/models/post_processor.html) (docs guide: coming soon)
> > - Configurable module for evaluation metrics via [`Evaluator`](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/markdown/guides/how_to/evaluation/evaluator.html) (docs guide: coming soon)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - New [dataclasses](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/markdown/guides/how_to/data/dataclasses.html) for model in- and outputs.
> - Flexible configuration of [model transforms and data augmentations](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/markdown/guides/how_to/data/transforms.html).
> - Configurable modules for pre- and post-processing operations via [`Preprocessor`](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/markdown/guides/how_to/models/pre_processor.html) and [`Postprocessor`](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/markdown/guides/how_to/models/post_processor.html)
> - Customizable model evaluation workflow with new [Metrics API](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/markdown/guides/how_to/evaluation/metrics.html) and [`Evaluator`](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/markdown/guides/how_to/evaluation/evaluator.html) module.
```

[![pytorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/pytorch-2.0%2B-orange)]()
[![lightning](https://img.shields.io/badge/lightning-2.2%2B-blue)]()
[![openvino](https://img.shields.io/badge/openvino-2024.0%2B-purple)]()

[![Pre-Merge Checks](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/anomalib/actions/workflows/pre_merge.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/anomalib/actions/workflows/pre_merge.yml)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/anomalib/badge/?version=latest)](https://anomalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/openvinotoolkit/anomalib/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=Z6A07N1BZK)](https://codecov.io/gh/openvinotoolkit/anomalib)
[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/personalized-badge/anomalib?period=total&units=international_system&left_color=grey&right_color=green&left_text=PyPI%20Downloads)](https://pepy.tech/project/anomalib)

</div>

---

> 🌟 **Announcing v2.0.0 Beta Release!** 🌟
>
> We're excited to announce the beta release of Anomalib v2.0.0! This version introduces significant improvements and breaking changes to enhance your anomaly detection workflows. We invite you to try it out and share your feedback:
>

> > - 💥 Breaking changes for better usability and performance
> > - ⚡ Enhanced API and functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Multi-GPU support
> - New dataclasses for model in- and outputs (docs guide: coming soon)
> - Configurable modules for pre- and post-processing operations (docs guide: coming soon)
> - Enhanced design for defining and configuring evaluation metrics (docs guide: coming soon)
```
Not sure how to add the icons
